c:\users\tina.liang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutorial\SQLiteTutorial\bin\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.exe.config
c:\users\tina.liang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutorial\SQLiteTutorial\bin\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.exe
c:\users\tina.liang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutorial\SQLiteTutorial\bin\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.pdb
c:\users\tina.liang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutorial\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tina.liang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutorial\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.Form1.resources
c:\users\tina.liang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutorial\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tina.liang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutorial\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tina.liang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutorial\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.exe
c:\users\tina.liang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutorial\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.pdb
c:\users\tina.liang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutorial\SQLiteTutorial\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.DLL
c:\users\tina.liang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutorial\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.Form2.resources
C:\Users\tina.liang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutor\SQLiteTutorial\bin\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.exe.config
C:\Users\tina.liang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutor\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.exe
C:\Users\tina.liang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutor\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.pdb
C:\Users\tina.liang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutor\SQLiteTutorial\bin\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.exe
C:\Users\tina.liang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutor\SQLiteTutorial\bin\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.pdb
C:\Users\tina.liang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutor\SQLiteTutorial\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.DLL
C:\Users\tina.liang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutor\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tina.liang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutor\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.Form1.resources
C:\Users\tina.liang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutor\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.Form2.resources
C:\Users\tina.liang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutor\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\tina.liang\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SQLiteTutor\SQLiteTutorial\obj\Debug\SQLiteTutorial.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
